IRC: Freenode -> Libera (#631)
bundlewrap/bundlewrap: docs/content/misc/contributing.md

## Help

> If at any point you need help or are not sure what to do, just drop by in [#bundlewrap on Libera.Chat](irc://irc.libera.chat/bundlewrap) or poke [@bundlewrap on Twitter](https://twitter.com/bundlewrap).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If at any point you need help or are not sure what to do, just drop by in [#bundlewrap on Libera.Chat](irc://irc.libera.chat/bundlewrap) or open a [discussion on GitHub](https://github.com/bundlewrap/bundlewrap/discussions).
```
